Goal
Add small tips/help sections at the bottom or sidebar of key pages so new users understand how to use the platform. Tips should be contextual, Sri Lanka travel–friendly, and concise.
Pages & Tips
1. Browse Trips
Placement: bottom of the trip feed or a collapsible info box.
Tips content:
⭐ Interested = let the organizer know you like this trip.
📌 Pin = save trips you want to revisit later.
💬 Chat Buddy unlocks when the organizer accepts your request.
💚 Free = if price is 0 or not set, trip is free to join.
Use filters (Trending, Near You, Fresh Finds, For You) to explore Sri Lanka’s coast, hills, culture, and safaris.
2. Post a Trip
Placement: under the form (after Save button) or as a side panel.
Tips content:
Add clear trip title, date, and meeting point so others can plan easily.
Set a price or leave it 0 for Free Trips 💚.
Include extra details (seats, notes) to build trust.
Trips with photos (or region-auto images) get more interest.
After posting, you can always edit or delete your trip in Profile.
3. Community – Ask Questions
Placement: right sidebar or just below the Ask form.
Tips content:
Ask clear, travel-focused questions (e.g., “Best time for Arugam Bay surf?”).
Use categories and tags (Surfing, Ayurveda, Safari, Food) so others can find your question.
Upvote helpful answers 👍, mark one as Accepted ✓ if it solved your query.
Be respectful and keep Q&A Sri Lanka travel–related.
You can edit or delete your own questions anytime.
Implementation
Create a reusable Tips component (TipsBox) that accepts:
{
  "title": "How to use this page",
  "tips": [
    "Tip 1 text",
    "Tip 2 text",
    ...
  ]
}
Render it on the three pages with page-specific content.
Style: light box with ✅/⭐/💚/💬 icons where relevant; collapsible on mobile.
Acceptance Criteria
Each page has a visible “How to Use Tips” box with contextual guidance.
Tips are concise, action-oriented, and use icons for clarity.
Component is reusable and easy to update in the future.
On mobile, tips collapse/expand to avoid clutter.